In this video, let's take a look at what card added when we scaffolded the identity, and let's start
with the program.
Yes, crossfire here.
We already had the deep context, but what got added is this new line, which is at default identity.
When we're adding identity, it is adding that the services for our container, it is saying that you
have to use the default identity, which is identity user.
And when we use identity for locking register and all those tables, we would require entity framework.
So it is adding entity framework stores, which is on application deep context.
So this is doing all the mapping of our identity with entity framework.
Over here, we have option that you can only signing in if your email is confirmed.
We're going to remove that for now because we did want the account to be confirmed before logging in.
Then if you scroll down when you are configuring Ahmedabad, you will notice a new middleware was added
between routing and authorization, which is use authentication.
This is the middleware for authentication and authentication should always come before authorization
because you can only authorize a user if they are authenticated.
You never authenticate a user after they are authorized.
So if you're trying to move authentication after authorization, then the authentication will not work.
So when you are working with Metal Badge, the order is extremely important.
So those were all the changes inside the program that a yes class file.
Next thing that card added is inside our alias folder.
Now it added a new area for identity.
If he explained that we have pages and all of them are reserved pages.
So if you examine register, for example, here we have to register page and we have page model like
we saw in reserve pages.
So all the identity related stuff will be using the reserve pages and not MVC application.
So that's why I give you a small foundation on how reserve pages and the page model works inside this
register.
We have a constructor.
We are getting fewer things using dependency injection.
We scroll down.
We have a model that we are finding and we have to get handler, post handler, et cetera.
This is pretty straightforward to what we learned in reserve benches, but with identity, I want to
show you one thing when we are working with signing in a new user, creating their password, assigning
them roles, etc., we need to implement all of those functionalities.
But with the identity class library, we get all of them implemented for us.
We have sign in manager, user manager, role of manager.
All of them have helper methods to sign in a user to create that account if they want to assign roles
to a user and all of that.
We do not have to implement all those complex logic.
Everything is done by default, so that will save a lot of time when we want to add identity to our
project.
If you want, you can customize everything that is added here.
But we will work with the basic stuff.
And of course, we're there to do some customizations as well.
So that is a brief overview of what got added.
One last thing that got added other than identity pages is inside views.
Now we have a new partial view, which is like NPR show in here.
If a user is signed in or display a lockout button and their email address here, if the user is not
logged in or displayed that locking and quite a start button.
So that being said, it makes sense to include this large and partial inside our layout page.
So if they scroll down after this, you will element here, let me add a partial view with the name
of log in our show.
Let's save that and see what happens.
Great, you can see on the right hand side, we have the register and Larkin, let me go back to the
partial view here.
The text is dark.
Let me get him off that because our navigation is dark itself.
Let me save that and refresh here for a fact.
With that, let's continue from the next radio.